Add Dels officer missions (#12)
1010todd/Galactic-War: data/Starts.txt

	visit Leudan
	visit Mukkaedu
	visit Dobareen
	visit Mudeula

> mission "Report A"

Author: I changed it.

	name "Report to <destination>"
	repeat
	landing
	deadline
	description `You have been ordered to go to <destination> for an assignment.`
	destination Delro # maybe have different important systems to report to
	source
		near Vobeelee 1 10
	to offer
		"random" < 30 - "Report to Delro: done" # You get called less frequently over time
		has "GW Dels start: officer"

> 		"ships: Interceptor" + "ships: Light Warship" + "ships: Medium Warship" + "ships: Heavy Warship" > 0

Author: Should I switch the sides around, or is there something else that would be better?

> 		"ships: Interceptor" + "ships: Light Warship" + "ships: Medium Warship" + "ships: Heavy Warship" > 0

Reviewer: Maybe, have to test in-game to be sure.

		not "Report A: active"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As your ship sinks through the atmosphere of <planet>, your communicator buzzes. The color is orange: answer required.`

Author: I got rid of the choice, should I also get rid of the message color thing?

> 			`As your ship sinks through the atmosphere of <planet>, your communicator buzzes. The color is orange: answer required.`

Reviewer: Yeah, I don't think it fits.

			choice
				`(Answer it)`

> 				`(Ignore it)`

Author: Oh, right. I forgot to do that. Thanks!

					decline
					
			label answer

> 			`	The message reads, "Officer <last>, you are required to go to <destination> by <date>. There you will recieve further orders. If you refuse or fail to meet the deadline, there will be consequences.`

Author: OK, thanks!

			choice
				`(Accept)`
					accept
				`"I don't care what consequences you give me, I'm not going!"`
					decline
	on decline
		"reputation: Dels Kaote" -= 1
		fine 10000

> 		dialog `Officer <last>, you have dissapinted us. The Kaote Navy will not tolerate such a responce, and as such you will be fined 10,000 credits.`

Author: OK, I'll change that.

		"Report A: done" > 30
	on offer
		conversation
			`As your ship sinks through the atmosphere of <planet>, your communicator buzzes. The color is orange: answer required.`
			choice
				`(Answer it)`
				`(Ignore it)`
					decline
					
			label answer
			`	The message reads, "Officer <last>, you are required to go to <destination> by <date>. There you will recieve further orders. If you refuse or fail to meet the deadline, there will be consequences.`
			choice
				`(Accept)`
					accept
				`"I don't care what consequences you give me, I'm not going!"`
					decline
	on decline
		"reputation: Dels Kaote" -= 1
		fine 10000
		dialog `Officer <last>, you have dissapinted us. The Kaote Navy will not tolerate such a responce, and as such you will be fined 10,000 credits.`
	on fail
		"reputation: Dels Kaote" -= 1
		fine 5000
		dialog `Officer <last>, we did not expect you to be so lazy! The Kaote Navy cannot tolerate that, and as such you will be fined 5,000 credits.`
	on abort
		"reputation: Dels Kaote" -= 3
		fine 20000
		dialog `Officer <last>, the Kaote Navy will not tolerate liars! You will be fined 20,000 credits for your un-loyal behavior!`
	on complete

> 		set "dels mission avaliable"

Author: OK, thanks!

mission "Dels Officer: Participate in defense"
	landing
	repeat

> 	minor

Reviewer: Being a continuation of another mission it shouldn't be minor, that will allow possibility of it being blocked by another mission. Probably should be a priority.

Author: My thoughts on this were that there would be multiple potential missions, but I guess you wouldn't get multiple missions offered at once.

	name `Drive off the Ufulre`
	source Delro
	destination
		government "Dels Kaote" Dels
		near Alkurud 0 2
	description `There is an Ufulre attack on <destination>. You must participate in driving it off.`

> 	to offer
> 		has "dels mission avaliable"
> 	on offer
> 		clear "dels mission avaliable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	to offer
		has "dels officer: report mission available"
	on offer
		clear "dels officer: report mission available"
```

Author: Thanks for catching that!

		conversation
			`One you have landed, a Dels commander comes and gives you a data pad with instructions. It reads, "Officer <last>, you are requested for defense at <destination>. There is an Ufulre attack there."`

> 			`	You are forced to accept.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You are forced to accept.`
```
Feel a little weird to just say this. Rather write in that you acknowledge it and prepare for departure or something.

Author: I changed that to `You prepare to launch.`

				accept
	on abort
		"reputation: Dels Kaote" -= 1
		fine 10000
		dialog `Officer <last>, the Kaote Navy does not tolerate cowards. You will be fined 10,000 credits for this.`

	npc evade
		government "Dels Ufulre"
		personality
			confusion 30
			plunders harvests target # no staying so they can flee
		fleet "Dels Ufulre Raid" 2
		system destination

	npc
		government "Dels Kaote
		personaility
			confusion 10
			heroic opportunistic frugal staying
		fleet "Dels Kaote"
		system destination
	on complete
		payment 100000

> 		dialog `Officer <last>, thank you for realizing your role in the Kaote Navy. You will recieve <payment> for your services.`

Reviewer: Calling officers from across 10 systems to participate in what would've been a by-hour defense doesn't make sense. Defense can practically only make use of ships within the system or a jump away at very best (even then you're still arriving a day late which for a battle of few interceptors it would've been over for hours.

This should be something more planned like an escort duty where most ships might've been on patrol duty or something. Or if as defense mission maybe mention why they know of this future raid so they're sending you to defend against it, e.g. the intelligence network found evidence of a raid being planned.
In alternative to the above it could also be a first strike mission where you're sent to destroy a raid fleet being gathered somewhere.

Author: I guess that makes sense. I think I'll just remove it (with #'s) and add some of those missions.

> 	on complete
> 		payment 100000
> 		dialog `Officer <last>, thank you for realizing your role in the Kaote Navy. You will recieve <payment> for your services.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog `Officer <first>, thank you for realizing your role in the Kaote Navy. The commander have authorized <payment> bonus for completing this mission.`
```

Author: Thanks, I guess my dialog wasn't really military.
